English-Thai Lexicon


2023-09-14 – Only one use case narrative, no diagram. Seems like you are confusing requirements and use cases. You should NOT be writing code at this stage, or be prepared to throw it away.
2023-09-22 – Continued work on use case document, good.
2023-09-28 - No upload of architecture design. No repository activity this week. No headers on code.
2023-10-04 - You updated your architecture design, which is good. BUT you did not commit any coding standards which was required by the lab last week.



2023-10-12 - You have uploaded .DS-Store to your repository in several directories. This is a derived file that does not belong in the repository. Suggests to me that you were using a GUI for the lab exercise...

Your lab report mostly seems copied from my assignment instruction introduction...

No other code development over the past week.

2023-10-19: Your test plan should be called “FunctionalTestPlan” or something similar. NOT “Lab7”. Furthermore, it would be better to store the spreadsheet, which you can then use to organize testing.

Your functional test plan needs to be more specific and needs many more test cases. For instance, “Move to every page” should have a separate test case for EACH page. “Input English Word” should SPECIFY what word. And so on. 

For the results... how can we tell that something has been stored in the DB?

You also need test cases for error situations.

Memory, Cache etc are not things that can be tested in a functional test plan.

Other than the test plan, it looks like you have not done any work at all on the app.


2023-10-26: Looks like you updated your test plan but I do not see much improvement. It’s still not specific enough. Also you should replace the PDF with the xlsx source so it can be easily modified.

I do not see any files from last week’s lab assignments. No output from static analysis program. No report on a code review.

On the plus side, it looks like you are actively coding. BUT this competency is not just about code... it is about process!

2023-11-02: I do not see any deployment plan. 

I do see that you’ve add static analysis files. But the second file still has many errors! The goal was to use the PyLint output to remove problems. 

Code review report would be better if more specific, with more “quotes” from the source files.
